Exported:

dhcp.discover_interfaces() : [ interface1, ... interfaceN ]

    Returns a list of interfaces - each interface in the list is a
    string naming the interface, suitable for passing to
    dhcp.probe_interface();

dhcp.Interface(name) : Interface

    Probes the named (string) interface.   Returns an Interface object if
    the interface is found; otherwise None.

dhcp.v4controller() : v4Controller

dhcp.v4client(duid, interface, controller): V4Client

    Initializes a v4controller object that will interface to the python object
    passed in /controller/.   Creates a DHCPv4 client object controlled by
    the specified controller.   The controller is a python object with methods
    congruent with a C++ v4controller object.

    The object starts in the halt state; if it is to do any work, it needs
    to be started, e.g. by calling the state_startup() method or the
    state_inform() method.

    For actual client usage, duid should be the same for all clients; to
    simulate multiple clients, duid should be different for each client.

dhcp.v6client(duid, interface, controller): V6Client

    Initializes a v6controller object that will interface to the python object
    passed in /controller/.   Creates a DHCPv6 client object controlled by
    the specified controller.   The controller is a python object with methods
    congruent with a C++ v6controller object.

    The object starts in the halt state; if it is to do any work, it needs
    to be started, e.g. by calling the state_startup() method or the
    state_inform() method.

    For actual client usage, duid should be the same for all clients; to
    simulate multiple clients, duid should be different for each client.

dhcp.v4netsetup(): None
dhcp.v6netsetup(): None

    These set up network I/O for DHCPv4 and DHCPv6, respectively.   Each must
    be called if its respective protocol will be used; neither need be called
    if its protocol will not be used.

dhcp.dispatch(): None

    Starts up a DHCP dispatcher, which never returns.   If any further
    work besides the DHCP protocol needs to be done, the dispatcher should
    be started in its own thread.   Bear in mind that the dispatcher can
    re-enter the interpreter...
